### Hi folks, my name is Brian Sam Thomas! 👋

I’m currently a Senior Software Engineer (AI & Cloud) at Pet 24-7 Global Limited, working across multiple verticals building services and platforms to bring affordable and accessible veterinary care to everyone around the globe. Some of these include -

The core telemedicine platform (Vidtu):
- A multi-tenant application in React + Laravel.
- A Node.js based SFU/Media Engine Server using Express, Mediasoup, SocketIO, and GStreamer (as a native node addon that we maintain in-house) for real-time video conferencing with transcriptions, translations and high fidelity recordings.
- An OpenAI integration (in Node.js) to generate AI insights based on the meeting transcripts.
- A Node.js based CLI tool that uses FFmpeg to composite/post-process recordings generated by the Media Engine server (runs as a separate task on AWS Batch instances).

VetAssist:
- A React Native based mobile application + a Python based RAG server - to bring AI-powered Assistance as well as 24-7 support via scheduled (and emergency) appointments to pet owners and veterinary professionals all over the world, with free access to vets in LMIC (Low- and Middle-Income Countries).

Equivet/Vet 24-7:
- A multi-tenant Next.js based web application that also serves as an API layer for VetAssist.
- A platform where vet professionals, specialists, and practices can register themselves to provide services to pet owners around the world.

<!--
**BRAiNCHiLD95/BRAiNCHiLD95** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
-->
